hey everyone Arielle Adams here with a
blog tree calm today I'm going to review
the reactor gamma titanium this is the
new version of the gamma watch that was
previously released only in steel this
version is an all titanium including the
case and the bracelet there's also a
version with a rubber bracelet if you
like the gamma watch is probably
reactors best-selling timepiece and it's
been upgraded a little bit the first
thing has got their never dark
technology you can see ND right there on
the dial never dark technology is
basically a combination of traditional
luminance as well as tritium gas tubes
and the idea is that it will never be
dark and you can see it under all
circumstances and you might be asking
yourself why would you want to have
regular luminance if you already have
tritium gas tubes because the tritium
gas tubes will be luminant all the time
for about 20-25 years without the need
to be charged by light but regular
luminance is actually a little bit
brighter when it's fully charged so all
the numerals have regular luminance as
do the tips of the hands as arrow tips
and then four corners at 12 3 6 & 9
there's small tritium gas tubes and 12
12 as an orange color while the other
ones are green and there's tubes in the
hands so that even when the regular loom
fades out after several hours in the
darkness you can still read the time
it's a really good system and ensures
that pretty much under any condition
you'll be able to read the time
effectively inside the watch is a
japanese quartz movement that has a day
and dates complication right there the
movement is is sturdy it's durable and
you can just sort of unscrew the back to
replace the battery the design of the
case is very masculine the whole point
of reactor is to sort of have an atomic
theme to it which is sort of evidenced
by their sort of atomic symbol logo as
well as some of the styling around here
I'm not a fan of all of their designs
but I really do like the gamma there's
sort of this
textured titanium here on the bracelet
which actually feels kind of nice it's
got a little bit of a shine to it which
again you can see on the rotating bezel
the rotating bezel moves pretty easily
sometimes people like a little bit
sturdier of a bezel but when you shake
the watch there's no wiggle to the bezel
which is pretty good so it's a little
bit easy to get this one out of place
but it's not going to it's not going to
move inadvertently just by moving around
your wrist so it is it is story there
screw and crown the watch has 300 meters
of water resistance making it you know
pretty much a capable dive watch I've
been underwater with it you can see it
really well this has a red dial
hopefully you can see that red it
doesn't look orange and in real life
it's totally red there's also a black
dial version available for those that
don't want to be as loud construction is
pretty good it's it fits nicely it's
comfortable there's a little bit of a
micro adjust on the bracelet the pins
are very difficult to get out I don't
know if this is unique to the titanium
version but if you get this watch i
highly recommend having a professionally
sides because it is a pain to do I did
do it myself I don't recommend that you
necessarily do it yourself nice looking
piece size is I don't have it offhand I
want to say about 44 millimeters wide
about that I'll write the correct size
on the review or you can easily find it
on reactors website again this is the
reactor gamma titanium with their never
dark technology retail price for the
version with the titanium bracelet and
titanium cases five hundred and fifty
dollars 525 for the rubber strap so for
25 bucks more you get the titanium
bracelet so I obviously recommend that
if you like the looks of the watch it is
a good sort of durable beter wach it's a
nice watch it's going to be an
attractive thing to a lot of people who
need durable easy to read watches and
who like a little bit more style than
usual a lot of this sort of just utility
watches don't have la style reactor
definitely has an interesting style in
theirs and it
it's definitely fun to have you can see
the full review on a blog to read calm
thanks